P2128R6 Multidimensional subscript operator (#4997)
cplusplus/draft: source/compatibility.tex

\end{codeblock}
\end{example}

\rSec2[diff.cpp20.expr]{\ref{expr}: expressions}

\diffref{expr.sub}
\change
Change the meaning of comma in subscript expressions.
\rationale
Enable repurposing a deprecated syntax to support multidimensional indexing.
\effect

> Valid C++ program that uses a comma expression within a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid \CppXX{} code that uses a comma expression within a
```

subscript expression may fail to compile. For example:
\begin{codeblock}

> arr[1, 2]               // was equivalent to \tcode{arr[(1, 2)]}, now equivalent to \tcode{arr.\keyword{operator}[](1, 2)} or ill-formed

Reviewer 2: Split the comment into 2 lines after the ","

Author: Fixed

> arr[1, 2]               // was equivalent to \tcode{arr[(1, 2)]}, now equivalent to \tcode{arr.\keyword{operator}[](1, 2)} or ill-formed

Author: No, I don't think so. Fixed.
